before we get 11 stop by saying if
someone tells you that you won but
you're so damn cocky that you didn't win
good enough you 150 percent deserve
another knockout you're beaten the stars
of our movers today are everybody that
was in the last good movie including
Butkus we all flew our store begins
where the first structure movie ended
and I still get the damn chill till we
save the emotional junk for the hands do
we have to stop the thing off with this
man mr. [ __ ] for no because if it
didn't make you cry just be too sweaty
meatheads beating the [ __ ] out of each
other
though I admit I do enjoy that sometimes
- and Apollo say ain't gonna be no
rematch lies all damn lies
fast forward to Rocky and an ambulance
holding on to his ground hamburger patty
looking face for dear life good Robo
word but please fall at all and Apollo's
right back there flaunting that fur coat
unaware that he buys her them gifts
because he always creepin then he
stopped running that mouth come on
sucker I'm insecure right now you think
you got an ID Jeremy now I ain't gonna
quit until you blind in one eye
cancelling out the other
this series is full of life left and the
first of this movie is if every time you
do your job you have to spend several
days in the hospital and getting your
eyeball cut open it might be a good idea
to rethink your career
then rocky goes to Apollo's room looking
like The Mummy and talking like him to
do dog food and Apollo's like what you
want dumb see you pull a vulture
no child I tried to pummel you up so
rude and Rocky's out of the hospital a
whole five [ __ ] seconds and these
people like hey rocky we know nobody
except your palm skinny wife and buckets
ever game about you but we think we can
make some money off you sign here thanks
hon and rock again with rocket Wow
including the new wife ain't just have
seen when Michael gets all dem mob guys
killed no that was a bastard
she was that oh Lord I think I've seen
too many movies on the honeymoon
occupies a family con then shows you
what happens when Paul people come into
a little money thank you from appalled
man okay will you get some money you buy
the dumbest your woman a fur
leather coat with a tag on the back you
can dog ascertain if you ain't got a dog
to put the shirt on you just buy a dog
this is why people like me ain't got no
money
we bad at it get paid on Friday by you
know the shirt on Saturday a house you
can't afford on Sunday broke on Monday
blaming the man hell I'm blaming them
right now and Rocky's like lazy those
ain't for you with me and you ain't be
you will be and you know what this was
three and Adrian says just stop talking
dummy meanwhile Apollo was getting hate
mail from fans mocking him for losing to
that bum which he deserves for wearing
that knockoff made in China Adidas
missing us striping and here's why says
why do you give a [ __ ] because I have
them go I am so Adrian comes up the
doctor's office and rocket guess what
would lose one can be three way to go
rock you got one and because monkey done
spent all his money and he wants a
better job that will require him to know
more than those ten words outlined in my
first rocket video
he starts opening books so he can read
and speak good up high back in the real
world where everybody's a piece of and
to avoid stopping you either got to be
smart a selfish so they some people are
all brawn and no brains and since you're
neither of the first two I guess is
blows to the face for you oh come on now
Adrian let the man work you know how
many bums out there got the idea that an
honest day's work consists of
remembering to put the toilet seat down
and putting their own damned rolls in
the hamper where they broke us now but
at least they'd have to take the shirt
off the dog's back and rock it won't
smick to train them to fight again and
rock is like oh no I know you want me
out like a bum ba-bum
meanwhile Apollo over here bum Jeff
Telles ever wants to start a humiliation
campaign to get rocky back in the ring
but rocky don't need any more
humiliation than his already tagged in
empty and spit buckets and getting
splashed in the face sweeping the ring
he used to own and to add insult to
injury his pregnant wife done took her
job back into pesto you know how many
damn men I know sit on that subpoena
explains why they women not working I'm
all about equality but for real what has
become of chivalry and you know how
every once in a while you see something
this is y'all well let's just say check
bum is contagious because when Mick sees
Apollo on TV talking smack Mick jumps up
super and cracker comes don't flying
every which way like oh you know and he
show up a Rocky's house like guess we're
gonna have to come up and Rocky's like
you wrote your story and how sad is this
scene Apollo got no empathy insult rocky
who can barely afford to close this down
pulled down buckets running around the
streets Philadelphia naked from the
waist down applause I've got a different
fur for every day of the week and rusty
still wearing the same jacket he bought
six months ago and Apollo talking so
much you think that was the size of a
tic tac and rocky being charming as got
all the reporters in girly giggles and
Apollo gets even matters like all I want
to do is beat this broken Sue's wife
works at a pet store and I want to do it
in front of all his home town folks then
strut around like I am as important as I
am in my imagination and suddenly I'm
the bad guy so Mick gets rocket training
and the things he says to the dumb
palooka best perm I feel like you ugly
and your damn shirt attracts more flies
than bookishness dog patty an arrogant
Apollo can't handle a mean letter here
and there yeah well like my grandmother
used to say the bigger the head the
bigger the hole god I hope she was
talking about defeat but Rocky's
struggling with motivation because this
woman doesn't approve fun little thing
ain't it Apollo needs approval of the
whole damn planet while rocky would just
be satisfied with the approval of that
one tiny little pet shop girl
see because do a good man here's one
little woman in this whole world
who the hell cuttin onions up in this I
wish I could find a good man like Rock
who said that not me what we talking
about yeah Paulie it's good to know
you're not causing problems anymore and
Adrian is the baby a little boy and
Adrian's in a coma and rocky just sit
there all damn day praying for and
reading to us riding us some terrible
poetry and waiting for her to wake up
and I'm all out of joke now because this
right here some sad [ __ ]
can we get back to the Battle of Mario's
now please Adrian wake up thank you and
for all this time the baby been laying
in the nursery
ain't seen his damn parents nothing to
do but himself was not a teat to suckle
they thinking this nurses his mama and
he's the Messiah some because he's sure
he ain't got no earthly daddy and they
finally see the baby together and they
named the pebble rocky jr. and Adrian
finally says win well thanks for that
can we resume the meeting now welcome to
five steps to beaten on narcissus
because it takes a coma to make your
wife want you to do what you're good at
because she decided that coma wasn't fun
and she'd rather you be blind step 1
beat your junk step 2 tote your
monstrous wood step 3 invents a Jane
Fonda workout [ __ ]
step 5 take a break to be mr. mom step 5
do your iconic run as you slowly morph
into Rambo with your red headband on
well doesn't okay hundreds of
Philadelphian children try to keep up
but you humiliate they weaken because
they still ain't as fast as you and you
teach them that important life lesson
about how everybody can't be it when I
saw okay
trying this again but not before ruckus
says I do to his little pebble and stops
by for a little prayer from this priest
oh yeah and there's another fight and
for most of it Apollo is kicking but
Apollo is conceded team tried to tell
you to stay away from him to win by
decision but no you just gotta go for
the knockout I swear to god Apollo I can
see you now following buckets around the
city pissing on a fire hydrant an empty
beer can with a dog with no pants like
the damn legs how does it feel to be a
pompous and get you [ __ ] up by this
man that quote shouldn't even be in the
same ring with you unquote of course
saying how it works in real life but
this movie to a damn good job of making
me believing it does put the plane to
take rocky down backfires because guess
who's going down both because it's
getting up not Paulo and winner Rocky
Balboa
[Music]
why by crying it ain't them sad you much
of me because he dumb they got in popery
get smaller please don't vote too soon
and be sure to LIKE share and subscribe
for your regular job mmm you can expect
me to upload more videos after I give
rugby's face time to heal again don't
you feel sorry for him oh damn meat loaf
full moons explained for I'm jammed
Oh cries robot